the pack has traveled down a long
Peninsula of land sticking out into the
lake rather than turn back storm decides
to swim across to the other side a
distance of at least three kilometers
but the wind is coming up and the waves
on the lake are building
the pups are trailing behind the much
stronger adults
[Music]
suddenly I see Suzy turn and start to
swim back
she must have decided that it's going to
be too far for the pups to swim
[Music]
now some of the sub-adults and other
pack members turned back with her and
the pups
[Music]
but storm and the other adults keep on
going they still have a very long way to
swim
[Music]
it was smart that Suzie turned back the
pups look exhausted
[Music]
Susy calls for her pups finally she has
all four of her pups together but storm
and the rest of the pack are far away
now adult wolves are excellent swimmers
but it's a long swim in cold water I'm
always amazed at the endurance of these
animals they hardly look winded
storm and the other adults have just one
priority to find food for themselves and
their family even if it means leaving
the pups behind but their swim was in
vain
there doesn't appear to be any animals
here to hunt the only food is an old
kill they have to know the dried scraps
from the bones
although Susie and the pups are far away
now they can still stay in contact
[Music]
wolf howls can travel several kilometres
over open country
[Music]
you